DOCS-209: Add Troubleshooting Common Errors page (#23999)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/sui-101/common-errors.mdx

---
title: Troubleshooting Common Errors
description: Find solutions to common issues with addresses, transactions, and Move packages.
keywords: [ address errors, package errors, system errors, transaction errors, troubleshooting ]
---

> 

Reviewer: No content here makes the Title > Heading look weird.

## Address errors 

> #### `Failed to build Move modules: Unresolved addresses found.`

Reviewer: Keeping out of ToC? Might be helpful to include. Guessing it looks kinda funny?

Indicates that you are trying to use a named address, such as `std` or similar, within your code or a dependency, but you have not assigned that address a value in the `Move.toml` file. 

##### Solution

Add an entry for each unresolved address to the `[addresses]` section of your `Move.toml` file. 

```toml
[addresses]
std = "0x1"
```

**Resources**

- [The Move Book: Manifests](https://move-book.com/concepts/manifest)

---

#### `Invalid Sui Address`

Indicates that the address you provided does not conform to a valid Sui address format. Sui addresses must:

- Be a 32-byte hex-encoded string.

- Start with `0x` and only contain hexadecimal characters (0-9, a-f, A-F).

##### Solution 

Verify the address you provide starts with `0x`, is 64 hex digits long, and does not contain invalid characters.

**Resources**

- [Create a Sui Address](/guides/developer/getting-started/get-address.mdx)

---

## Move package errors 

> #### `Invalid URL: Invalid URL: relative URL without a base`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `Invalid URL: relative URL without a base`
```
Intentional?

##### Solution 

Specify the full URL path, including `http://` or `https://`. 

**Resources**

- [`sui::url`](/references/framework/sui_sui/url.md)

- [`sui::url` source code](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/c5f8b33b8090d75b1922f1497916b4010d9140d7/crates/sui-framework/sources/url.move).

---

#### `Failed to build Move modules: Failed to resolve dependencies for package`

Indicates that the system cannot find one or more of the dependencies you list in your Move package's `Move.toml` file. The system cannot find a dependency if:

- Your path is incorrect, contains a typo, or does not exist.

- Your manifest file does not exist.

- You have not initialized it properly. 

##### Solution

Check your `Move.toml` and verify each dependency you list has the correct path, and each path contains a valid `Move.toml` file. Ensure there are no typos and that you have initialized all dependencies. 

**Resources**

- [The Move Book: Manifests](https://move-book.com/concepts/manifest)

---

> #### `Duplicate module found: 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002::groth16`

Reviewer: If you decide to drop these to level 3 titles, might want to just do 0x0...002::groth16

Author: I kept it full text in case people try to copy-paste search directly from CLI

Indicates that you have defined two or more modules with the same name or address in your project or its dependencies. You must give each module a unique name and address combination. 

##### Solution 

Verify that your source files do not use the same module name or address twice. Check your package's dependencies to see if there is a duplicate name defined. Check if you have a conflicting address assignment in the `Move.toml` file. 

**Resources**

- [The Move Book: Modules](https://move-book.com/move-basics/module)

---

#### `Internal error occurred while processing request: Error resolving Move location: Linkage not found for package`

> Indicates that your environment or tooling cannot find a Move package at the specified address. This might be caused by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates that your environment or tooling cannot find a Move package at the specified address. Possible causes include:
```

---

#### `Unable to process transaction. Dry run failed, could not automatically determine a budget: UnusedValueWithoutDrop { result_idx: 0, secondary_idx: 0 }`

This error occurs when a Move transaction does not have a `drop` ability, or you do not explicitly drop it. The Sui runtime system enforces resource safety that throws this error when you leave values unused at the end of a transaction. 

##### Solution 

In Sui Move packages, you must either transfer every value that does not have the `drop` ability to another address, explicitly destroy it, or use it as input for another function to consume. 

**Resources**

- Learn more about [resource safety](/guides/developer/getting-started/hello-world.mdx#resource-safety).

--- 

#### `Error executing transaction: VMVerificationOrDeserializationError in command 0`

This is a generic error that indicates that your Move code fails either during bytecode verification or during deserialization. 

##### Solution 

Some common reasons for this error include:

- `ZERO_SIZED_STRUCT`: You define a struct that has no fields. Add at least one field to the struct.

> - `FIELD_MISSING_TYPE_ABILITY`: Your struct is missing a required ability such as key, store, etc. Ensure all fields have the necessary abilities. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `FIELD_MISSING_TYPE_ABILITY`: Your struct is missing a required ability such as `key` or `store`. Ensure all fields have the necessary abilities. 
```
latin bad

**Resources**

- [Error: `ZERO_SIZED_STRUCT`](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/63cbf0dc26d0f2329d3e0a03639e31ded9f93561/crates/sui-verifier-transactional-tests/tests/one_time_witness/no_field.snap)

- [Error: `FIELD_MISSING_TYPE_ABILITY`](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/63cbf0dc26d0f2329d3e0a03639e31ded9f93561/crates/sui-verifier-transactional-tests/tests/struct_with_key/key_struct_with_drop.snap)

- [Error: `CONSTRAINT_NOT_SATISFIED`](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/63cbf0dc26d0f2329d3e0a03639e31ded9f93561/crates/sui-verifier-transactional-tests/tests/private_generics/receive_without_key.snap)

---

#### `Failed to sign transaction by a quorum of validators because one or more of its objects is reserved for another transaction. Other transactions locking these objects`

Indicates that your transaction is trying to use one or more Sui objects that another transaction already uses. When you use an object in a transaction, the system locks that object to prevent multiple, possibly conflicting modifications to an object. For DeFi objects, this prevents double-spending.

##### Solution 

> Wait for other transactions to complete, then retry your transaction. If transactions are stuck or fail, you may need to wait for the next epoch before you can retry the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wait for other transactions to complete, then retry your transaction. If transactions are stuck or fail, you might need to wait for the next epoch before you can retry the transaction.
```

##### Solution 

Wait for the next epoch.

**Resources**

- [Avoiding Equivocation](/guides/developer/sui-101/avoid-equivocation.mdx)

---

#### `Unable to process transaction. Unexpected status code: 403`

Indicates the Sui network responds to an RPC or API request with `HTTP 403: Forbidden` status. This may happen if an RPC provider requires authentication and you do not provide any, the provider has restricted your region or IP address, or the provider has rate limited you by sending too many requests in a given time period.

##### Solution 

Check for required API authentication and verify you are using a valid authentication method. Review the documentation to ensure you are following all requirements. 

Check for rate limiting and try sending requests over a long period of time. 

---

#### `Failed to submit transaction: ErrorObject { code: ServerError(-32002), message: "Transaction validator signing failed due to issues with transaction inputs, please review the errors and try again`

Indicates the Sui network rejects a transaction due to invalid transaction inputs. 

##### Solution 

> Ensure all objects you reference in your transaction exist, you are using the current version, you are not referencing the same object multiple times, and you are not using too many objects that exceed a protocol limit. 

Reviewer: This might could be a list?
